Yeah.
So let's revise the concepts which we discussed in the section.
OK.
So first thing to start with is the actual glass.
So when do we actually use actual glass.
Basically if you want to move your miles or particular you that's all.
I just want to look at it the whole way.
Then we use actions glass and we like a Mansingh actually an object but actually just says in the letter
which you have given of the corrections then you say a lot more to an element of that delegation of
that element.
Bar b don't perform OK.
This step will make as to move our mouse to that revolution over on it.
Which we have discussed in the program right.
So again mouseover actions can perform using actual glass.
And if you want the right click anywhere then that can be performed using contextually like in this
instance.
Actually that can be performed using actions glass and Dragon or you can drag and drop it on either
place using actions glass and you can double click on it.
OK so even you can write that things in capital letters for example.
You need to enter some variant gaps.
OK so you use actions class to write it in caps.
And this giving over of you on top of it if you are going deep neck or foam at the back to my leg and
see the hole really in real examples.
OK I'm just giving now or feel like just I used a dancing in real bubbles like how you handle your right
only using actual glass.
So how you enter information gaps using action glass I will double click I will drag and drop.
So all these mouse interactions like digging and gaps are getting on right.
We know you can do with an action case.
OK.
Next the most famous interrogation.
Hold your hand in my stipple windows in selenium the driver.
OK.
By the find their driver can understand only the parent browser which is actually in vogue when starting
the program.
So I'm clicking each other and again open so that Trevor will not have an outlet in the window which
is opened in our other window again.
So you need to find or if you need to specify that they were saying the switch to that window that the
command you use is tiler door switch to door window off just about a metre of of that window.
OK.
It just like allah allah dislikes Risto of bingo.
The challenge here is how do you get the idea of that other window from that to come and what you need
to use this driver door get window handles get window.
And this is the method which will give you all of those which are open and their IDs OK throw them into
the send them into the list data structure.
And if you want to go a second window into Haiti and then grabbing that elite and put it in or switch
the window off that bottom with a blessing in that perimeter and everyone understands that OK I need
to switch to this one though.
How would you say it was for Windows that I really am to successfully navigate that.
So and then you can perform your operations as usual.
And then once operations are complete they come back again to bed and when the you need to the spacing
says two dark window parent window 80 you can get that in the list by dousing place that window 80 here
and get back to that.
So this is really collapsing if you're practically going what's the electricity doing today.
OK.
So basically what we use here is switch to vendor get into hander's.
These two are very important.
OK.
So that's what a person can expect you to tell when they ask how do you handle multiple windows.
Right.
The next frames these are the most important.
And I as I said in my previous actions that I do this.
I frame and frames it in these to check for these two tag names and an obligation.
If you're fine then the application have frames.
So how do you find that by bag name ivory or white or black mainframes and you'll that you'll get the
count and based upon that you can come to a basic conclusion saying how many principles into an application
.
Ok then same as alert.
And Windows never got switched to frame off the frame of index.
You can switch to that frame.
And what Tony and come back saying they went door to door defined and then please remember you need
to come back again normal even when those friends that you need to use the command see.
So it's too dark defined.
And then OK.
So what's the lecture that if you aren't the more experienced and this big and one practical example
so Gombak agonising and if I can then and.
That's how you handle frames What can you expect the minimum to focus on the section saying how do you
handle your reg information gaps or how to handle multiple windows and how to handle frames.
These are very very famous in the recursions and straightforward law.
And then overland from ASM or in an overview in the how and what I said now in the day after show an
echo or just go through the letters of this you have a basic idea and practice one of two of them were
practising Manado of obligations on the net and you'll get a hundred percent confidence in the section
.
OK.
Yeah that's it for now.
And we'll go to the other famous in directions which might be asked to use There's miscellaneous concepts
.
Let's let them.
OK.
So that's over now.
Thank you